# tanmay4
1. Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Search engine optimization (or SEO) is a marketing technique. A search engine's goal is to provide their user with the best answer possible to any question asked about a keyword. That best answer is determined based upon the relevancy and quality of content provided. Relevant and high-quality content is more likely to get ranked higher and thus receive more traffic. Seo is the process of optimizing your website content to make it rank higher and increase traffic. There are many aspects to seo that work together to help your site rank well. These aspects include how your meta title appears in the search results, how your description appears in search results, what keywords appear throughout your website, etc. 2. Keywords Keywords are the words and phrases that should be present in your meta tags, titles, descriptions, alt text, URL, image names, and everywhere else that they're appropriate. You may use several different variations of each word, including plural forms, singular forms, hyphenated terms, abbreviations, acronyms, spelling out numbers instead of using numerals, etc. Ideally, your keywords should describe the topic of your website and bring visitors directly to your products or services. 3. Content Content refers to the information that users find useful on your website. If you want people to visit your website, then you need to have interesting content. But it's not just enough to throw some content onto a page and call it a day. Your content has to be relevant to a specific topic. Users will ignore content if it doesn't match their interests. And even if your content is interesting, irrelevant content is still useless. It won't benefit anyone. So, you'll want to think about who your audience is before you start writing. What kind of topics do they care about? What kinds of things would they like to read? Once you've thought about both of these questions, you'll know exactly what kinds of content you should be producing. 4. Links Links are ways for websites to link to each other. When you place links on your web pages, you're telling search engines that those pages are related to certain topics. If someone clicks on a link on your page, they might end up at a completely unrelated website. To avoid this, don't only put links on pages that are closely related; add them across your entire website. Not only does linking improve your search rankings, it helps build trust between sites. People feel more comfortable visiting a website if they know that other reputable websites are recommending it. In fact, Google recommends anywhere from 5-10 internal links per page. 5. Speed One of the first things that search engines look at when determining if a website deserves to be listed in their index is its speed. This means that the faster a page loads, the faster it will be indexed. If a visitor types in a query that matches your site's name and finds that the page takes 15 seconds to load, then chances are good that person will leave without clicking anything. However, if your page loads in 1 second, then that person is much less likely to leave. As a general rule, it's recommended that a page load no slower than 2 seconds. 6. Social Media Social media is becoming increasingly important in internet marketing strategies. A lot of companies are starting to take advantage of social media platforms to reach their customers. If you own a business, having a Facebook page is a great way to connect with your current clients and attract potential clients. If your business isn't already active on social media, it's time to jump on board. 7. Mobile Friendly Websites If you aren't mobile friendly yet, you should be. Today, almost 50% of searches done online are performed from a mobile device. If you haven't optimized your site to be mobile friendly yet, you could be losing out on a lot of potential customers.
